intro.md, before:

# Introduction

Learning quantum computing is no easy feat specially when you combine it with another complicated topic such as high-performance computing. For this reason we have created four suggested pathways that you can utilize to go thorugh the materials here depending on your background. 

% A figure of Feynman teaching
:::{figure} https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Feynman_lecture_1964_%2810481714045%29.jpg
:label: fig:Feynman lecture

A photograph of Feynman teaching
:::

## Pathways 

:::::{dropdown} __Quantum Pathway__
__Background:__ This Pathway is for those who __have__ HPC experience and would like to leanre the basics of Qiskit and Quantum computing so they can start exploting quantum workflows. Familiarity with Python and/or C++ is preferred as well as some comfortability with Unix-like systems and bash scripts.
::::{grid} 1 1 2 3

:::{card} 
:header: __I.Intro to Quantum Computing__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hpcintro/
This docs page will guide you to the appropriate Qiskit tutorials to start your Quantum journey!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __II.Intro to Quantum-HPC__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hybrid/
This docs page will guide you through the theory of how a hybrid workflow should work!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __III.Qiskit on HPC__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/qiskitonhpc/
This docs page will cover current work being done to use Qiskit on HPC and current learning materials
:::
::::

After completing the three lessons above feel free to visit the [Python](/Python.md), [C++](/Cplusplus.md), and [API demo pages](/tutorial.md) at your own pace. We do reccomend you grasp the content of the C++ basics page before proceeding to the demo content.

:::::

:::::{dropdown} __HPC Pathway__
__Background:__ This Pathway is for those who __have__ quantum computing experience and would like to learn the basics of High Performance computing before delving into hybrid workflows. Familiarity with Qiskit is expected.

::::{grid} 1 1 2 3

:::{card} 
:header: __I.Intro to High Performance Computing__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hpcintro/
This docs page will guide you to the appropriate HPC tutorials to start your HPC journey!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __II.Intro to Quantum-HPC__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hybrid/
This docs page will guide you through the theory of how a hybrid workflow should work!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __III.Qiskit on HPC__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/qiskitonhpc/
This docs page will cover current work being done to use Qiskit on HPC and current learning materials.
:::
::::
:::::

:::::{dropdown} __Beginner Pathway__
__Background:__ This Pathway is for those who __don't__ have experience in either HPC & quantum computing. The introduction sectiosn will redirect you to appropriate begginer materials before you come back for the hybrid workflow content on the rest of our page.


::::{grid} 1 1 2 3

:::{card} 
:header: __I.Intro to Quantum Computing__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hpcintro/
This docs page will guide you to the appropriate Qiskit tutorials to start your Quantum journey!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __II.Intro to High Performance Computing__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hpcintro/
This docs page will guide you to the appropriate HPC tutorials to start your HPC journey!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __III.Intro to Quantum-HPC__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hybrid/
This docs page will guide you through the theory of how a hybrid workflow should work!
:::
::::
:::::


:::::{dropdown} __Troubleshooting Pathway__
__Background:__ This Pathway is for those who are currently working on Python, C, & C++ HPC workflows with Qiskit. 
::::{grid} 1 1 2 3

:::{card} 
:header: __Hello HPC - Python__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/python/
This tutorial guides you through the use of of virtual environments to run Python workflows on HPC resources
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __Hello HPC - C++__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/cplusplus/
This tutorial guides you through the use of the Qiskit C++ API without the addition of OpenMP or MPI.
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __Official Qiskit API demo help__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/tutorial/
This selection of pages has intallation and instruction help to get the official IBM Qiskit C API demo up and running!
:::
::::
:::::

Commit message:

Update Feynman photo description and add pathways section
Clarified the description of Feynman's teaching photo and added a new section outlining pathways for users with different backgrounds.

intro.md, after:

# Introduction

Learning quantum computing is no easy feat specially when you combine it with another complicated topic such as high-performance computing. For this reason we have created four suggested pathways that you can utilize to go thorugh the materials here depending on your background. 

% A figure of Feynman teaching
:::{figure} https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Feynman_lecture_1964_%2810481714045%29.jpg
:label: fig:Feynman lecture

A photograph of Richard Feynman teaching
:::

## Pathways 

Given the differing backgrounds of the users of this page we wanted to make sure that eveyrbody can find relevant and preparation specific content easily. Therefore, we have prepared the following pathways which you may use as guidelines to start your exploration of our tutorials & docs.

:::::{dropdown} __Quantum Pathway__
__Background:__ This Pathway is for those who __have__ HPC experience and would like to leanre the basics of Qiskit and Quantum computing so they can start exploting quantum workflows. Familiarity with Python and/or C++ is preferred as well as some comfortability with Unix-like systems and bash scripts.
::::{grid} 1 1 2 3

:::{card} 
:header: __I.Intro to Quantum Computing__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hpcintro/
This docs page will guide you to the appropriate Qiskit tutorials to start your Quantum journey!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __II.Intro to Quantum-HPC__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hybrid/
This docs page will guide you through the theory of how a hybrid workflow should work!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __III.Qiskit on HPC__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/qiskitonhpc/
This docs page will cover current work being done to use Qiskit on HPC and current learning materials
:::
::::

After completing the three lessons above feel free to visit the [Python](/Python.md), [C++](/Cplusplus.md), and [API demo pages](/tutorial.md) at your own pace. We do reccomend you grasp the content of the C++ basics page before proceeding to the demo content.

:::::

:::::{dropdown} __HPC Pathway__
__Background:__ This Pathway is for those who __have__ quantum computing experience and would like to learn the basics of High Performance computing before delving into hybrid workflows. Familiarity with Qiskit is expected.

::::{grid} 1 1 2 3

:::{card} 
:header: __I.Intro to High Performance Computing__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hpcintro/
This docs page will guide you to the appropriate HPC tutorials to start your HPC journey!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __II.Intro to Quantum-HPC__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hybrid/
This docs page will guide you through the theory of how a hybrid workflow should work!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __III.Qiskit on HPC__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/qiskitonhpc/
This docs page will cover current work being done to use Qiskit on HPC and current learning materials.
:::
::::
:::::

:::::{dropdown} __Beginner Pathway__
__Background:__ This Pathway is for those who __don't__ have experience in either HPC & quantum computing. The introduction sectiosn will redirect you to appropriate begginer materials before you come back for the hybrid workflow content on the rest of our page.


::::{grid} 1 1 2 3

:::{card} 
:header: __I.Intro to Quantum Computing__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hpcintro/
This docs page will guide you to the appropriate Qiskit tutorials to start your Quantum journey!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __II.Intro to High Performance Computing__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hpcintro/
This docs page will guide you to the appropriate HPC tutorials to start your HPC journey!
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __III.Intro to Quantum-HPC__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/hybrid/
This docs page will guide you through the theory of how a hybrid workflow should work!
:::
::::
:::::


:::::{dropdown} __Troubleshooting Pathway__
__Background:__ This Pathway is for those who are currently working on Python, C, & C++ HPC workflows with Qiskit. 
::::{grid} 1 1 2 3

:::{card} 
:header: __Hello HPC - Python__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/python/
This tutorial guides you through the use of of virtual environments to run Python workflows on HPC resources
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __Hello HPC - C++__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/cplusplus/
This tutorial guides you through the use of the Qiskit C++ API without the addition of OpenMP or MPI.
:::

:::{card} 
:header: __Official Qiskit API demo help__
:link: https://hpc-quantum.github.io/Documentation-website/tutorial/
This selection of pages has intallation and instruction help to get the official IBM Qiskit C API demo up and running!
:::
::::
:::::
